 In the past few years, we have seen changes to the world-wealth ranking.  We've seen top-name switch positions like Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos.  Today we're going to talk about the richest man in Asia.  Gautam Adani.  How he went from being a college dropout to one of the richest men in the world.  Part 1 The Son of a Textile Merchant.  Tom Adami was born on the 24th of June in 1962, to his parents Shanti Lal Adani and  Shanti Ben Adani.  He was born in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, in India, and he was raised alongside his seven siblings.  Gautam's family migrated from the northern part of Gujarat, and his father provided for  the family through his small textile merchandise.  Hoping for a brighter future for his children, Shanti Lal Adani ensured that his children  were educated.  Kattam's father insisted on education for his children.  Kattam developed a passion for trading.  This influence came from watching his father, who was emergent.  However, he was not interested in the family business.  Kattam attended school at the Sheth Chimanal, Nagandaz Vidyalaya School in Ahmedabad.  After he graduated, he excelled in university, studying to get a bachelor's degree in commerce.  While Kattam was studying, he couldn't ignore his desire to practice trading.  rather than just studying about it in class.  He visited Gujarat's candler port,  while he was a student, and his dream expanded.  Gautam decided he would also build something  like Goudrad's candler port or something bigger.  After his second year at the university,  he dropped out to follow his passion.  Gautam was still a teenager when he dropped out of school,  but he was inspired to set up a business for himself.  However, Gautam wanted to do something different  from selling textiles, which his father had done.  for most of his life. His family was economically challenged by having to take care of seven children  and Gautam, so there was no one to contribute to his dream. Gautam, however, had his eyes  on a business he was sure would change his life. And that was the diamond brokerage business.  Part 2. Life After College  The diamond business in Mumbai was thriving at the time, so Gautam felt that was the place  he needed to be. In 90  1978, Gattam moved to Mumbai to work as a diamond-sorter for Mahindra brothers after dropping  out of college as a teenager. He worked for them for two to three years before he understood  how to thrive in the market. Gattam was young and an amateur, but he was able to master  the tricks of the business in just three years. He used his knowledge of the diamond trade  to set up his diamond brokerage firm. Although it was his first business, Gattam thrived  even more than an older firm.  When Gautam was 20 years old, he made his first million from selling diamonds.  Afterward, he returned to inform his family of his success.  Gautam continued the diamond brokerage business, but his next breakthrough came when his elder brother,  Mahasuke Adani, purchased a plastic factory in Ahmedabad.  Mahasuke called his brother back from Mumbai and asked him to work as an operations manager for his plastic factory.  In 1981, Gautam accepted his brother's offer.  and returned to Ahmedabad. He considered his new job as his gateway to the global trade arena.  He joined his brother's firm and began importing polyvinyl chloride to India.  However, Gautam did not focus on the imports for his brother's business alone.  In 1985, he started importing primary polymers for small-scale industries,  adding global trading skills to his portfolio while in his early 20s.  Part 3, the creation of the  Adani Group. In 1988, Gatam started a commodity import and export firm called Adani exports.  The company presently goes by the name of Adani Enterprises under its holding company,  Adani Group. When Gatam started the firm, he wanted to focus on imports and exports of  agricultural and power-related commodities. But a few years later, the economy of India began  to change. In 1991, India was in a macroeconomic crisis.  And to get out of it, the finance minister, Menmohan Singh, proposed new economic reforms  for the country called the Economic Liberalization Policies.  The new policy abolished industrial licensing, reduced import tariffs, and encouraged  foreign investment and privatization of various industries.  These changes were very favorable towards Gautam's new company, Adani Enterprises.  Gautam began expanding his businesses into the trading of metals, textiles.  and agro-products. In 1994, the government of Gujarat announced managerial outsourcing of the  Mundra port. They invited private companies to bid for the contract, and Gautam saw this  as an opportunity to achieve his teenage dream. Gautam's visit to the Mundra port started his dream  of being a successful entrepreneur. Even if it meant dropping out of college, he applied for his  company, Adani Enterprise, to get the contract. And...  In 1995, Gautam got the contract.  Adani Enterprises built the first jetty on the Mundra port.  It was originally operated by the Mundra port  and special economic zone.  But the operations were later transferred to Adani ports.  Gautam's influence and economic intelligence  led Mundra port to become the largest private  multi-port operator in India.  The port has the capacity to handle close to 210 million  tons of cargo per end.  Quantum.  Following his accomplishments with Montreport, Gautam expanded to another promising industry.  In 1996, a Donny Group and Gautam founded a power company called Adani Power.  Adani Power currently has a thermal power plant with a capacity of 4,620 megawatts.  This makes the Adani Power plant the largest private thermal power produced in India.  This expansion was a tremendous step in him becoming the...  richest man in Asia. In 2006, Adani Power went from distributing power to the power generation  business. Between 2009 and 2012, Adani acquired Abbott Point Port in Australia and Carmichael  and coal mine in Queensland. These places serve as an expansion for the Adani group  increasing Gautam's wealth and assets immensely. Part 4. Close encounters with death.  Well, Gautam was growing as an entrepreneur.  Prenur, his wealth, got him fame and recognition in the country.  He is also well known as a philanthropist constantly giving back to society.  Gautam didn't come from a wealthy family, but he was very successful at a young age.  Unfortunately, his success was noticed by the wrong crowd as well.  In 1998, Gautam was reportedly kidnapped at gunpoint on his way out of a club in Ahmedabad.  He was kidnapped and had to pay a ransom.  The second new word death experience came...  years after the Adani Group expanded to some parts of the world. In November 2008,  that was a terrorist attack by Islamist terrorists from Pakistan in Mumbai. About 10 terrorists  carried out 12 coordinated shootings and bombing attacks for four days. This attack killed 175 people  and 300 people were injured. Gautam was in Mumbai within the four days of the attack.  One of the terrorist shootings occurred at the seafront to  Hotel he was staying at.  Gattam was at the dining hall when the terrorists  held people hostage.  A staff of the hotel helped him to survive  by hiding him from the terrorists, taking people hostage.  The staff hid Gattam in the hotel's basement  until the attacks were over.  When he was giving his testimony to the authorities,  Gattam said he saw the militants enter the building  from the table he was sitting at.  Part five, becoming the richest man in Asia.  In 2008, Gattam first appeared as a...  billionaire on Forbes, with an estimated fortune of 9.3 billion.  But now, his fortune is 15 times greater than that.  Before guitar became the richest man in Asia, he first achieved the status of Senti Billionaire,  joining seven other iconic people in the world.  But how did he make that much money in a little over a decade?  In May 2020, the solar energy corporation of India had a contract bid worth six...  billion U.S. dollars. A Donny Solar, a subsidiary of a Donny Group, won the bid.  The 8,000 megawatt photovoltaic power plant project given to a Donny Solar is expected  to establish 2,000 megawatts of additional solar cell and module manufacturing capacity.  This was quickly followed by Gautam's swift decision to gain a 74% stake in Mumbai International  Airport.  The Mumbai International Airport is the second.  and busiest airport in India after the airport in Delhi.  Adani power is now a major source of income for the Adani group, and Gautam makes  necessary investments to put the brand ahead of all competitions.  In November 2021, the Adani group invested $70 billion in the new green energy business.  This investment is to boost the success of Adani Green and Adani Solar.  In July 2022, Gautam disclose Dietit.  tells of his previous investment in green energy.  Adani Green will build three giant solar factories,  an electrolyzer to make green hydrogen,  and it will have wind turbine plants.  All his wealth and investment led Gautam  to surpass Mukeshabani and become the richest man in Asia.  In August 2022, Gautam Adani was named  the third richest person in the world by fortune.  Part 6. Becoming the second and third.  word, richest man in the world. In January 2020, his net worth was about $10 billion,  between 2020 and half of 2022, Gautam's wealth has galloped over 13 times. Gautam is  now the richest man in Asia and the third richest man in the world. Although it fluctuates  quite a lot between the Bernoulli, Jeff Bezos and Gautam Adani, he even briefly surpassed  the second richest man in the world, billionaire.  Jeff Bezos. On the 16th of September, 2022, Forbes' real-time billionaire profiles recorded  Gautam went past Amazon's Jeff Bezos to claim the second spot. Gautam was locked in a close  contest with French businessman Bernard Arnault for the second spot. However, his fortune  increased over $155 billion, earning him the position of the second richest man in the world.  Later that same day, it came down to one half.  152 billion dollars, and our know has gone past Adani again to settle in the second position.  Do you think it's Amadani has a chance at being the richest man in the world?  Do you think he will lose his position as the richest man in Asia?  Comment below. Be sure to like this video and check out the other videos on our channel. 