 There is some statement and news coming in that Adani enterprises will probably sell  13% and Adani Wilmar to achieve the minimum public share holding requirements and Wilmar  International has now agreed to acquire.  There is 31% stake held by AEL in Adani Wilmar and looks like there is going to be  a massive change and that is why there is some movement across the board in trade today.  So that is one reason why the news has been impacting the stock largely.  This actually also indicates that Adani Enterprises Limited is also to exit the Adani Wilmar  JV with this take sale that it will now do.  In Adani Wilmar and probably that is what is led to this sharp momentum in the group  stock, I think 8% higher for the...  Danny Enterprises and that is what is moving the stock higher.  Emerging, any view that you would have on the Adani group stocks, Adani Enterprises particularly  after this strong move today.  Yes, so looking at Adani Enterprises again, I would say that the stock is in news and we  are seeing some sharp of more happening today.  See what's happening in this particular stock this stock and all the adding group stocks have been under significant  News flows which have impacted it either ways and the currently it's trying to form a base  And so there's a 10% upside potential in the stock on the current levels  actually I think what is happening is that let us first look at what is 13% of Adani  Wilmar actually worth in terms of funds that could be raised and then redeployed back  into the infrastructural business that Adani has just a moment I will get the market  capitalization error and that is the reason why across the board you see it is 42505.  So, 42, 50, 5 into 13 percent is easily 5,500 crores.  So, that most probably will be deployed in the other businesses which require this kind  of money.  Look at Adani Green, 4.2 percent higher, look at how the other stocks, Adani energy  solutions etcetera were moving.  So, fair point you know, this was not a core business that the Adani group was.  very keen to sort of have. So you have a 10% uptake on Adani total, almost a 10% move  on Adani power, 7.5% have Adani enterprises and Adani will fire itself where the main  transaction is about to happen is flat as flat can be. So that's how it is ladies and  men for the moment, news driven stocks gathering attention. 